# Prerequisites
You must **read** the documents else you won't understand anything I have written in this readme.

## What is PriSecFileStorageClientApplication?
In simplified words, it's a **100% confidential/privacy file storage** that uses no user secret such as **password/passphrase** in **logging in** or **authenticating with server.**
This is not for everyone as people would prefer **50% confidential/privacy file storage** such as **storj/sync.com**, they work by asking user secret such as
**password/passphrase** then perform encryption/decryption on user's file. If you **understand** the disadvantages of using **password/passphrase**, this kind of
**confidential/privacy** model won't sustain in long term. After reading the documents, people may still be okay with using **password/passphrase** which is a form of
**user's secret**. The concern is coming from if any of the user's secret such as **password/passphrase** was cracked, a chain reaction can occur if users uses the same
password on any of the registered online platform. If you are really a fan of using **password/passphrase** then this is not for you as I tried my best to
really **guarantee your file's privacy/security and your own security/privacy**.

You may be also fine with using something like **Google Drive** but that kind of storage has 0% of privacy or confidentiality. However.., the choice is up to you to decide.

## Why choose PriSecFileStorage instead of others?
1. No **password/passphrase**
2. Encryption and Decryption was done on your device instead of server
3. Complete transparency and secretless on server/service provider side (refers to the stored data)
4. All symmetric encryption keys and digital signature keys(public and private) was generated by using pure randomness(cryptography) and server only **collects**
publicly disclosable information. All private non-disclosable information was stored only on client's device.
5. Does not need to worry about dealing with password/passphrase

## Why you shouldn't choose PriSecFileStorage?
1. You're not familiar with system that uses no **password/passphrase** or any form of **user's secret**
2. You want the server to do encryption/decryption on your behalf even though it sacrifices your data confidentiality/privacy to an extent.
3. You want the server to generate and store the symmetric encryption keys or digital signature keys on your behalf with encrypting the information by using their own centralized keys.
4. You want to worry about properly dealing with password/passphrase
5. Even though this application guarantees your privacy/confidentiality but there're some private data still around which could act as a regulatory data. You may want to find
application that does not collect any regulatory data or in other words your private data.

## Why you should be supporting PriSecFileStorage?
1. You want to give developers more choices in developing something either security/privacy oriented. Developers nowadays don't know such secretless approach exist.. Any
developers that know such approach exists wouldn't even dare to implement such things because it proposes user experience and familiarity problems.
2. In the long run, password/passphrase will become obsolete and there's a chance that you won't be using any form of passwords/passphrase anymore. You want to get familiar
with any systems that uses no user secrets.
